feat: v3.7 part2 and activate new stewards (#1098)
aave-dao/aave-proposals-v3: src/20260331_Multi_UpgradeAaveInstancesToV37Part2/UpgradeAaveInstancesToV37Part2.md

- Reset `debtCeiling`: If a reserve has a non-zero debt ceiling, it is set to zero via `setDebtCeiling(reserve, 0)`. This also resets `isolationModeTotalDebt` to zero.
- Disable `borrowableInIsolation`: If a reserve has `borrowableInIsolation` enabled, it is set to false via `setBorrowableInIsolation(reserve, false)`.
- Additionally, if a sequencer uptime price oracle sentinel is configured, it is unset via `setPriceOracleSentinel(address(0))`, as this feature is removed in v3.7.

After the cleanup, the payload upgrades the core protocol contracts:

- Upgrade `Pool` implementation: The `Pool` contract proxy is updated to point to the new v3.7 implementation via POOL_ADDRESSES_PROVIDER.setPoolImpl(POOL_IMPL).
- Upgrade `PoolConfigurator` implementation: The `PoolConfigurator contract proxy is updated to the new v3.7 implementation via POOL_ADDRESSES_PROVIDER.setPoolConfiguratorImpl(POOL_CONFIGURATOR_IMPL).

Part 2 is applied on the following networks: **Ethereum (Core, Lido), Polygon, Avalanche, Arbitrum, Base, BNB, Linea, Plasma and Mantle**.

> In addition to the v3.7 implementation upgrade, this proposal also updates the RiskSteward to a freshly deployed v3.7-compatible steward. The previously deployed stewards have their `RISK_ADMIN` role on the corresponding `ACL_MANAGER` revoked, and the newly deployed stewards get it granted, via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alongside the v3.7 implementation upgrade, this proposal also replaces the current RiskSteward with a newly deployed steward compatible with v3.7. As part of the transition, the existing stewards will have their RISK_ADMIN role revoked on the corresponding ACL_MANAGER, and the new stewards will be granted the role via:
```

- `ACL_MANAGER.addRiskAdmin(NEW_RISK_STEWARD)`
- `ACL_MANAGER.removeRiskAdmin(OLD_RISK_STEWARD)`

The new stewards are wired in across the following instances: **Ethereum (Core, Prime, EtherFi), Polygon, Avalanche, Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, BNB, Scroll, Gnosis, Linea, Sonic, Celo, Plasma, Mantle, MegaEth, XLayer**.

Additionally, on the instances where GHO is listed as a reserve, GHO is blacklisted on the new RiskSteward via `setAddressRestricted(GHO_UNDERLYING, true)`, since GHO is managed by its own dedicated stewards. The instances where this is applied are: **Ethereum Core, Ethereum Prime, Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, Gnosis, Mantle, Plasma and XLayer**.

## References

- [Implementation](https://github.com/bgd-labs/protocol-v3.7-upgrade/blob/main/src/UpgradePayload.sol)
- [Tests](https://github.com/bgd-labs/protocol-v3.7-upgrade/tree/main/test)
- [Diffs](https://github.com/bgd-labs/protocol-v3.7-upgrade/tree/main/diffs/code)
- [Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/aavedao.eth/proposal/0x2cdd27eda22b36ddde2303c3d69859f74b330eb93661e632700d18c6095335a8)
- [Discussion](https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-bgd-aave-v3-7/24075)

> -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
